[female narrator speaking]
(female narrator)
AND HER AMBITION
WAS TO EXTEND HER REALM
TO ALL THE REGIONS
OF THE KNOWN WORLD.
TO THIS END,
SHE GATHERED AN ARMY.
AND SHE BORE A SON
AND NAMED HIM NEKRON.
AND HIM SHE
TUTORED IN THE BLACK ARTS
AND IN
THE POWERS OF THE MIND.
AND WHEN NEKRON CAME OF AGE
AND ATTAINED
MASTERY OF THOSE POWERS,
TOGETHER THEY SEIZED CONTROL
OF THE REGION OF ICE.
AND FROM THEIR CASTLE
CALLED ICE PEAK
THEY SENT A GIANT GLACIER
RUMBLING SOUTHWARD.
NO VILLAGE OR PEOPLE
COULD STAND AGAINST
ITS RELENTLESS ONSLAUGHT.
AND SO THE REMNANTS
OF HUMANITY FLED SOUTH
AND HUDDLED FOR WARMTH
AMONG THE VOLCANOES
OF A MOUNTAIN REGION
RULED BY
A GENEROUS KING NAMED JAROL
FROM HIS FORTRESS,
WHICH MEN CALLED FIRE KEEP.
AND STILL NEKRON
PUSHED THE ICE EVER SOUTHWARD
INTO THE TEMPERATE ZONE
TOWARD FIRE KEEP.
AND NO ONE DARED
GUESS AT THE OUTCOME
OF A MEETING
ON THE FIELD OF BATTLE
BETWEEN FIRE AND ICE.
[ice creaking]
[ice crashing]
[exploding]
HOLD YOUR POSITIONS, MEN.
STEADY.
LARN, IT CANNOT
BE STOPPED.
JOIN YOUR BROTHER.
[gasping]
[screaming]
[men screaming]
[metal clashing]
[panting]
[voices chattering]
[all screaming]
[men screaming]
YOU HAVE DONE WELL,
MY SON.
THE NORTH VILLAGE
HAS FALLEN. WE HAVE WON.
I WANT TO THANK YOU, MOTHER.
THE GREAT PLAIN
IS ALL THAT STANDS
BETWEEN
OURSELVES AND FIRE KEEP.
THAT IS A LONG DISTANCE.
A DISTANCE
WE MAY NOT HAVE TO TRAVEL.
I AM SENDING OUR ENVOYS
TO JAROL WITH OUR NEW DEMANDS.
HE WILL NOT SUBMIT.
(Juliana)
PERHAPS.
YOU WILL PRESENT
OUR DEMANDS
TO KING JAROL
AT FIRE KEEP AND, UH,
GIVE OUR ROYAL REGARDS
TO HIS LOVELY DAUGHTER.
[bird squawking]
[growling]
[groans]
[exclaims]
[muttering]
[gasps]
[screaming]
[groaning]
[subhuman groaning]
[chattering]
[exclaims]
[screaming]
[whooping]
[panting]
[cawing]
[grunts]
[birds screeching]
[panting]
[storm rumbling]
BUT, FATHER,
I WANT TO BE WITH YOU
WHEN YOU
MEET NEKRON'S MEN.
YOU WILL SERVE
YOUR PEOPLE BETTER HERE
WITH YOUR STUDIES,
MY DAUGHTER.
GIVE ME YOUR LOVE.
YOU HAVE IT ALWAYS,
FATHER.
(female tutor)
ALL MATTER IN OUR WORLD
IS FROM THE NATURAL BASES
WHICH ARE EARTH,
AIR, FIRE AND WATER.
[yawning]
THE 4 ELEMENTS FROM WHICH
ALL THINGS ARE CREATED.
HOW CAN YOU
TALK ABOUT ELEMENTS
WHEN THE WAR DRAWS
NEARER TO US EVER HOUR?
PRINCESS TEEGRA,
WE ALL HAVE OUR DUTY.
YOUR FATHER'S DUTY IS
TO BE KING AND LEAD.
YOUR BROTHER'S
DUTY IS TO SOLDIER.
AND YOUR DUTY IS TO LEARN.
YOU MEAN MY DUTY
IS TO STAY SHUT UP
WHILE ALL THE MEN
DO THE FIGHTING
AND SHARE ALL THE GLORY.
WE THINK THAT STINKS.
DON'T WE, SHAITAN?
(envoy)
IF YOU PEACEFULLY SURRENDER,
MY LORD NEKRON WILL CEASE
THE DESTRUCTION OF─
THIS IS YOUR
MESSAGE OF PEACE?
A DEMAND FOR OUR TOTAL
AND UNCONDITIONAL SURRENDER?
WE CALL IT AN OFFER OF
ALLIANCE, YOUR MAJESTY.
I CALL IT BLACKMAIL.
MY LORD NEKRON'S OFFER─
TO HELL WITH
NEKRON AND HIS OFFER.
WE ARE FREE MEN,
NOT SLAVES.
KING JAROL,
BE REASONABLE.
MY SON, TARO,
SPEAKS MORE WITH HIS HEART
THAN WITH HIS HEAD.
BUT HE SPEAKS
FOR ALL OF US.
(Jarol)
THERE CAN BE NO ALLIANCE.
WE WILL FIGHT
YOU TO THE DEATH.
PERHAPS, YOU WILL
SOON CHANGE YOUR MIND.
[snarling]
[screaming]
[groans]
[choking]
(Teegra)
NO!
[groaning]
[coughing]
[Teegra screaming]
TEEGRA!
GUARDS!
[screams]
MAKE FOR THE GLACIER.
MAN THE DRAGONHAWKS.
(Taro)
HURRY! HURRY!
THE DRAGONHAWKS
WILL FIND HER, FATHER.
THEY'VE GOT TO.
THE NIGHT'S SO DARK,
THE JUNGLE SO THICK.
A BIRD COULDN'T FIND
ITS OWN NEST.
WHAT DO WE DO THEN, FATHER?
WE WAIT.
FOR NEKRON'S NEW DEMANDS?
FOR HIS SIEGE!
[subhuman growls]
[all laughing]
[panting]
[whispering]
[sniffing]
[howling]
[all clamoring]
[thudding]
[cawing]
[panting]
[yelling]
[all clamoring]
[screaming]
[groans]
[sniffing]
[exclaims]
[screaming]
[panting]
[grunting]
[groaning]
[subhuman growling]
[panting]
[all chattering]
(Juliana)
WHAT IS YOUR REPORT?
HAVE YOU DONE AS I COMMANDED?
HAVE YOU CAPTURED THE GIRL,
TEEGRA,
JAROL'S DAUGHTER?
WHERE IS SHE?
BRING HER FORTH
THAT I MAY SEE HER.
GONE.
(Juliana)
GONE?
(subhuman)
GONE.
GONE!
ESCAPED?
YOU FILTH-SPAWNED SCUM!
WHAT PUNISHMENT
DOES FAILURE DEMAND?
DEATH.
[groaning]
FIND THE GIRL.
FIND HER, OR HIS PUNISHMENT
SHALL BE YOURS.
[birds chirping]
[snarling]
[wolves growling]
GODS OF MY FATHER.
WHAT DO YOU WANT?
WELL, IF YOU WANT IT, TAKE IT.
I AM NOT A THIEF.
[bats screech]
[screeches]
NOT SO CLOSE,
YOU'LL BURN IT.
I'VE ALWAYS LIVED
CLOSE TO A FIRE.
[sighs]
SOMETIMES IN THE NIGHT,
I'M SO AFRAID.
IT'S GETTING COLDER.
[sighs]
COLD COMES FROM NEKRON.
I KNOW.
[lightening strikes]
(Larn)
WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
I'M GOING HOME
TO MY PEOPLE.
WHERE IS HOME?
FAR AWAY, TO THE SOUTH.
I'M GOING SOUTH, TOO.
YEAH?
YOU CAN COME ALONG
IF YOU BEHAVE YOURSELF.
IF I BEHAVE MYSELF?
[Larn imitating monkey]
NO.
[chuckling]
LARN.
[sobbing]
[screams]
[birds chirping]
[groans]
YOU'VE CAUGHT ME,
BUT YOU'LL NEVER
HAND ME OVER TO NEKRON.
YOU'LL HAVE TO KILL ME FIRST.
(Darkwolf)
DON'T HUNT FOR DEATH, BOY.
IT FINDS US ALL SOON ENOUGH.
THE TRAVOIS WAS TO KEEP YOU
FROM KILLING YOURSELF
TILL YOU'RE ALL HEALED.
YOU NEED REST AND FOOD.
[groans]
IF YOU'RE GONNA
KILL THE ICE LORD, BOY,
YOU BETTER LEARN
TO LIVE WITH PAIN.
ICE LORD? YOU MEAN
YOU'RE FIGHTING NEKRON?
HIM AND HIS MOTHER.
THAT WOLF BITCH, JULIANA.
TEEGRA!
THEY WERE HERE.
NEKRON'S DOGS,
THEY GOT THE GIRL.
THEY TOOK HER WEST.
GUARD TEEGRA.
[speaking gibberish]
(Darkwolf)
THEY CAMPED
LESS THAN 2 MILES FROM HERE.
COME.
UH, TEEGRA...
TEEGRA...
[snoring]
[grunts]
[grunting]
I SAW THE GIRL BEFORE.
SHE IS ON THE FAR SIDE
OF THE BIG TREE.
YOU GO GET HER OUT,
AND I'LL DISTRACT THE OTHERS.
THERE MUST BE 50 OF THEM.
THAT SOUNDS ABOUT RIGHT.
[all snoring]
[subhuman coughs]
[coughs]
[screams]
[speaking gibberish]
WHERE'S THE GIRL?
I COULDN'T FIND HER.
NO!
THE HORSES!
NO, THEY'D BE ON OUR HEELS
BEFORE WE COULD REACH THEM.
BUT TEEGRA'S
STILL BACK THERE.
THEN WE'LL COME BACK
FOR HER.
FIRST, WE LEAD THE NEKRON'S DOGS
ON A WILD CHASE.
COME.
[groans]
[gasps]
WE'LL TAKE
OUR STAND UP THERE.
COME.
ENOUGH!
I WANT YOU TO GO TO NEKRON,
TO HIS MOTHER, JULIANA.
WE MUST NEGOTIATE.
WITH THE ENEMY?
NO MAN IS WHOLLY EVIL.
SURELY THERE IS SOME WAY
TO APPEAL TO NEKRON.
YOU EXPECT HIS MERCY?
FATHER, DO YOU KNOW
WHAT HE WILL DO
IF I ENTER HIS LAND
UNDER A FLAG OF TRUCE?
WE HAVE NO CHOICE!
YOU MUST TAKE THAT RISK─
YOU MUST TAKE THAT RISK, MY SON,
FOR THE SAKE OF FIRE KEEP.
FOR THE SAKE OF YOUR SISTER.
GO, RIDE SWIFTLY.
[whooping]
WELCOME TO MY HEARTH.
I AM ROLIEL AND
THESE WOODS ARE MY HOME.
OH, YOU'VE HAD
A TRYING JOURNEY.
PLEASE LET ME GIVE YOU
SOME FOOD AND DRINK.
FIRST, YOU SHALL REST.
THEN WE WILL TALK.
POOR, POOR DARLING.
DID GREAT OTWA
FRIGHTEN YOU?
YOU MUSTN'T BE AFRAID.
HE'S AS GENTLE AS A CHILD.
I SAW HIM TWIST A CHAIN APART
WITH HIS BARE HANDS.
OH, YES,
HE IS STRONG, MY SWEET.
BUT HE MEANS WELL,
MY DARLING.
HE BROUGHT YOU
TO ME, DID HE NOT?
[yawns]
I'M SO TIRED.
OH, YES,
MY POOR, POOR DARLING.
YES, YOU'RE SO TIRED
AND SO BEAUTIFUL.
YOU MUST...
TELL ME YOUR SECRETS.
NEKRON?
THE GIRL IS WANTED BY NEKRON?
THE BITCH!
SHE BRINGS DANGER
INTO MY HOUSE!
[screams]
PERHAPS I CAN TURN THIS
TO MY ADVANTAGE.
OTWA, MY SON.
GO AND BRING THE SUBHUMANS,
NEKRON'S DOGS.
TELL THEM WE HAVE
THE GIRL THAT HE WANTS.
TELL THEM HE CAN HAVE HER,
FOR A PRICE.
[all growling]
[grunts]
KILL.
GET OUT OF HERE.
NO.
THE HELL YOU WON'T.
GO FIND THE GIRL.
[roaring]
[growls]
[whining]
ENTER, MY SON.
IT IS NOT BARRED.
[yelling]
WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOU?
WHERE ARE THE DOGS?
[speaking gibberish]
YOU WOULD DO THIS─
[grunts]
[grunting]
[birds chirping]
WHY DO THE LIVING
DISTURB THE SLEEP
OF THE DEAD?
I FOLLOWED A TRAIL.
I SEEK A GIRL, TEEGRA.
A GIRL?
YES. SHE DID THIS TO ME.
SHE AND NEKRON.
CURSED NEKRON.
WHERE CAN I FIND HER?
WHY SHOULD I ANSWER?
FOR REVENGE AGAINST NEKRON.
NEKRON?
AKATAR. THEY TAKE HER TO AKATAR.
AND FROM THERE TO
THE ICY KING'S REALM.
AVENGE ME.
AVENGE ME!
AKATAR.
TEEGRA!
MY PRINCE,
ALL IS ARRANGED.
I'VE HIRED A SHIP.
IT WAITS FOR US AT THE DOCK.
NEKRON WAITS AT ICE PEAK.
GET THE GANGPLANKS ABOARD.
MOVE, YOU SCUM!
WE MUST BE WELL ON
OUR WAY BEFORE SUNRISE.
[grunts]
WHY HAVE YOU
BROUGHT ME THIS?
THIS IS YOUR BRIDE,
MY SON.
SHE WILL BE
MOTHER TO YOUR SONS.
HOW THOUGHTFUL, MOTHER.
I NEED NO BRIDE, AND NO SONS.
BUT YOU NEED HEIRS.
I NEED NOTHING!
NEKRON?
NEKRON, YOU'RE A GREAT POWER
IN THE WORLD.
YOU HAVE ALL THAT ANY MAN
EVER WANTS OR NEEDED.
AND YET YOU DESPAIR.
FOR THERE IS ONE THING
YOU LACK.
ONE GIFT THAT
ONLY YOU CAN BESTOW
BETWEEN OUR PEOPLE.
PEACE.
THIS IS THE GIFT THAT HEALS
THE HEART OF THE GIVER.
NEKRON, I EXTEND MY HAND
IN FRIENDSHIP.
I OFFER PEACE
BETWEEN OUR PEOPLE.
WILL YOU NOT TAKE MY HAND?
WILL YOU NOT CALL ME FRIEND?
[laughing]
WOMAN,
I SPIT ON PEACE.
I SPIT ON YOU.
[grunts]
NEXT TIME YOU PRESENT ME
WITH ONE OF YOUR
LITTLE SLUTS, MOTHER DEAR,
I'LL SQUASH YOU LIKE A BUG.
(Nekron)
GET THAT GARBAGE OUT OF HERE.
[screams]
[all howling]
[screaming]
DON'T LOOK UP.
WE ARE RIDERS OF FIRE KEEP.
WE PAY NO HEED TO SUCH TRASH.
WE HAVE COME, LORD NEKRON,
TO NEGOTIATE
BETWEEN OUR 2 PEOPLES.
AND THE RETURN TO FIRE KEEP
OF MY SISTER, TEEGRA,
WHOM YOUR WARRIORS
BASELY KIDNAPPED.
(Taro)
MY FATHER, KING JAROL,
HAS EMPOWERED ME
TO OFFER A PEACE
BETWEEN OUR KINGDOMS
IN EXCHANGE FOR HIS
CONTINUED SOVEREIGNTY
AND MY SISTER'S FREEDOM.
IT SEEMS TO ME
THAT MY ENVOYS MADE
A SIMILAR OFFER NOT LONG SINCE
AND THAT IT WAS SPURNED
BY YOUR ILLUSTRIOUS SIRE.
YOU KNOW FULL WELL, NEKRON,
THAT OFFER WAS MADE
BEFORE YOUR MINIONS
KIDNAPPED MY SISTER.
(Nekron)
I FEAR, GOOD PRINCE,
I CANNOT OFFER
PEACE TO A PEOPLE
WHO HAVE REFUSED TO PROCLAIM ME
THEIR RIGHTFUL OVERLORD.
AS TO YOUR SISTER...
WELL, I MUST ADMIT
THAT UNTIL THIS MOMENT
THE IDEA OF MATING WITH HER
FILLED ME WITH LOATHING.
PERHAPS I SHOULD RECONSIDER.
YOUR SISTER, AFTER ALL,
IS NOT WHOLLY UNATTRACTIVE.
HMM?
AS LESSER BEASTS GO.
[grunts]
[yelling]
PIG YOU ARE.
AND LIKE A PIG SHALL YOU DIE.
[yelling]
[groans]
[screaming]
NO!
[grunts]
OH, NO, I DON'T THINK SO.
YOU INTEREST ME.
GUARDS!
BRING HIM TO ME.
RELEASE HIM.
[metallic rattling]
WHY HAVE YOU COME SEEKING ME?
YOU KILLED MY PEOPLE.
WE'VE HAD TO DISPOSE OF
SO MANY UNDESIRABLES OF LATE.
[grunting]
[grunts]
[Nekron laughs]
(Nekron)
LET HIM REST.
THERE IS STILL FIGHT IN HIM.
[Larn grunting]
[door closes]
LARN. LARN!
LARN. LARN.
TEEGRA, IS THAT YOU?
SHH.
TEEGRA, ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
YES. I'M TRYING
TO UNLOCK THE DOOR.
NEVER MIND THE DOOR,
YOU'VE TO GET OUT OF HERE.
I'M NOT LEAVING WITHOUT YOU.
MAYBE I CAN GET
A KEY SOMEHOW.
NO, TEEGRA, DON'T.
[speaking gibberish]
[grunts]
[all growling]
[Nekron laughing
in background]
[laughing continues]
[grunts]
[growls]
IS HE CERTAIN?
IT WAS MY SON YOU SAW?
THEY CALLED HIM PRINCE TARO.
HE DIED.
OH.
(Darkwolf)
WHAT ABOUT TEEGRA?
HE'S GOT HER, TOO.
MAYBE SHE'S STILL ALIVE.
IT'S A CHANCE.
BELIEVE WHAT YOU WANT,
BUT THAT GLACIER IS A FACT.
FOR 3 DAYS AND NIGHTS
IT'S BEEN PUSHING SOUTH.
A THOUSAND SOULS LOST
BECAUSE OF NEKRON'S RAGE.
FIRE KEEP IS NEXT.
WE MUST ATTACK.
I NEED THE DRAGONHAWKS.
THE DRAGONHAWKS ARE TOO FEW.
ENOUGH TO GET IN WITH.
ONE US MIGHT GET
THROUGH AND DESTROY HIM.
BUT IF THAT GLACIER
PASSES BEYOND THE RIVER,
I WILL HAVE NO CHOICE.
(Jarol)
I WILL HAVE TO
RELEASE THE LAVA.
[screeches]
[yelling]
[grunts]
[screeching]
[Dragonhawks screeching]
[laughs]
[shrieking]
[shrieks]
[screaming]
[Nekron laughing]
TEEGRA. TEEGRA.
[both grunt]
[grunts]
LARN.
[Nekron laughing]
NEKRON!
[screams]
[grunts]
DIE! DIE! WHY DON'T YOU DIE?
[roaring]
[yelling]
[groaning]
[horse neighing]
[grunting]
NO, LARN!
NO, IT'S OVER, DON'T YOU SEE?
WE HAVE TO START OVER.
[water splashing]